Init RO doc for transformation (#474)
keboola/connection-docs: transformations/workspace/index.md

useful when you are not sure what tables you'll need in your work. You can also take
advantage of [alias tables](/storage/tables/#aliases) and prepare buckets with the tables you'll need.

### Read-Only Input Mapping

> Workspace also support **Read-Only Input Mapping** as it is written in the [mapping section](/transformations/mappings/#read-only-input-mapping), 
> with the difference that this function needs to be manually enabled when creating the workspace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workspace also support **Read-Only Input Mapping** as described in the [mapping section](/transformations/mappings/#read-only-input-mapping). 
This function needs to be manually enabled when creating the workspace thought. 
This addresses the situation where you want to share the workspace with a third party. In that case you probably don't want them to have access to the whole Storage. 
```

{: .image-popup}
![Workspace - Create new workspace with Read Only](/transformations/workspace/create-new-ws-with-ro.png)

So if I enabled this feature when I created workspace, I can now access individual tables in the workspace,
without a need to define tables in input mapping. 
This also applies to linked buckets. Here you have to pay attention to the fact that buckets and tables belong 

> to another project, so you have to access e.g. the database of another project in dependence on the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to another project, so you have to access e.g. the database of another project in dependence on the backend.
For example your bucket `in.c-customers` is linked from bucket `in.c-crm-extractor` in project 123. You then need to reference the tables in the transformation like this: `"KEBOOLA_123"."in.c-crm-extractor"."my-table"`. For transformation code development, it's easiest to create a workspace with **Read-Only input mapping** enabled and check in the database directly to find the correct database and schema names. 
```
